Improves documentation. (#43)
maliput/maliput_sparse: README.md

[![GCC](https://github.com/maliput/maliput_sparse/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/maliput/maliput_sparse/actions/workflows/build.yml)

# maliput_sparse

## Description

`maliput_sparse` is a convenient package that provides several helpers for creating a maliput backend that is expected to be built on top of waypoints without any analytical model of the surface.

> By using the [builder API](https://maliput.readthedocs.io/en/latest/html/deps/maliput_sparse/html/builder_8h.html), the mathematical model is resolved under the hood so as the user don't have to dive into complex geometry calculations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the [builder API](https://maliput.readthedocs.io/en/latest/html/deps/maliput_sparse/html/builder_8h.html), the mathematical model is solved under the hood so the user don't have to dive into complex geometric calculations.
```
